Document enum type next_item function (#4427)
DFHack/dfhack: docs/dev/Lua API.rst

also map ``_first_item`` and ``_last_item`` to the min and
max values.

Enum types also support the ``type.next_item(index)`` function,

> which returns the next valid index of the enum (returning the
> first value if index is greater than or equal to the max value).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which returns the next valid numeric value of the enum. It
Returns the first enum value if ``index`` is greater than or
equal to the max enum value.
```

Reviewer: how's that?
